gh-142407: Update shutil.rst to clarify copy performance on Windows (#142408)
python/cpython: Doc/library/shutil.rst

On Windows :func:`shutil.copyfile` uses a bigger default buffer size (1 MiB
instead of 64 KiB) and a :func:`memoryview`-based variant of

> :func:`shutil.copyfileobj` is used, which is still read and write in a loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`shutil.copyfileobj` is used, which is still reads and writes in a loop.
```
Grammar.

:func:`shutil.copy2` uses native call ``CopyFile2`` on windows and it is the most

> efficient and support copy-on-write, but preserve the metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`shutil.copy2` uses the native ``CopyFile2`` call on Windows, which is the most
efficient method, supports copy-on-write, and preserves metadata.
```

Author: thanks
